how to photograph a car not in a manner
too different from a model in the sense
which for both is what matters
to exalt the beauty of the
forces and grasp more details
significant especially when the
subject and particular like the peugeot
508 rxh the first hybrid car of the
police with a combined electric motor
to the diesel engine and to the traction
whole wheat
in photography light plays a role
very important
that's why in a professional studio
it is essential to be able to manage the sources
luminous and to have under control i
reflexes
to photograph a car in the studio
normally a study is used
to egg a study that has no
edges then you will see that there is not
not even a corner this studio apart
the door is done in such a way as to
being able to use lights do not say
theme of the reflected lights that go to me
design the car
technology on the other hand allows
to evaluate the result in real time
one click and immediately take action
to make changes but not
for this it has completely replaced
the most artisan techniques or the
photographer's sensitivity
I start from a foundation that is
that of photography photography that
don't say light and write a little bit
that to real photography is not so much
shooting one can frame but in
studio photography you want to draw
the car
I interpret this car in the
my images like a reassuring car
it must be a reassuring car it is
a hybrid car a discreet car a car
especially silent as it turns
electric I don't feel like telling it
as an aggressive car the concept is
the little one of being reassuring for
which must not have in the forcing of
too extreme light for me
it must be a car like that
apparently very soft a lot
descriptive few shadows a lot of light
photographing in essence is a way to
tell the reality to communicate a
message can arouse emotions